# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [@ackee/react-scripts@1.0.0-alpha] - 2019-08-13

### Removed

- [BREAKING] `@babel/plugin-syntax-export-namespace-from` -> `export * as`
- [BREAKING] Custom aliases were removed completely in favor of [jsconfig](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/importing-a-component#absolute-imports).
  - Aliases aren't begins with capital letter, they correspond with real directory name.
  - Remove `eslint-import-resolver-webpack` loader.
- [BREAKING] `yaml-loader` -> Now there is now to include the loader by default, since localization are generated dynamically from Google Spread sheet to JSON files.

### Fixed

- No need to set `NODE_ENV` var. before opening CRA project in vscode.

### Updated

- Upgraded to [`react-scripts@3.1.0`](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/releases/tag/v3.1.0).
- Change internal structure to simplify react-scripts upgrades and maintainability.
- Move ESLint config outside of `package.json` to its own file - `.eslintrc`.
- Upgrade `eslint-config-ackee` to `@ackee/eslint-config`.
- Upgrade `react-intl` to `3.x` version.
- Upgrade `@ackee/jerome` to `2.x` version.

### Added

- Dynamic localization stored in Google spread sheet, generated by `ackee-localize-spreadsheet-sdk`.
- Make the webpack configurable from generated skeleton without ejecting.
- Remove global components in favor of a new `ui` module.

## [@ackee/react-scripts@0.11.6] - 2019-07-18

### Fixed

- Add back `@babel/plugin-syntax-export-namespace-from` (it'll be removed in next major version).

## [@ackee/react-scripts@0.11.4] - 2019-07-15

### Added

- `babel-plugin-custom-import-path-transform` for converting `antd/lib/*` to `antd/es/*` to remove duplicit modules and support tree-shaking.

### Updated

- `@ackee/petrus@4.0.0-beta.4`
- `@ackee/antonio@3.0.0-beta.3`

## [@ackee/react-scripts@0.11.3] - 2019-07-14

### Added

- `webpack-ant-icon-loader` webpack plugin for excluding antd icons into separate bundle resulting in significant main bundle size reduction (about 28% down of gzipped size).

## [@ackee/react-scripts@0.11.1] - 2019-07-14

### Fixed

- sentry - URL to project dns

## Updated

- `@ackee/redux-utils`: `2.0.0-beta.2` -> `2.0.0-beta.3`
- `connected-react-router` to `6.5.x`,

## [@ackee/react-scripts@0.11.0] - 2019-06-28

### Added

- use `loglevel` instead of `console` object directly
- check if window object is avail. in current env.
- Sentry feeback dialog

### Updated

- upgraded dependencies (including `redux-saga` to version `1.x`)
- move Sentry `dsn` to global config

## [@ackee/react-scripts@0.10.2] - 2019-05-27

### Updated

- Change source directory for antd imports from `antd/lib` to `antd/es`.

## [@ackee/react-scripts@0.10.1] - 2019-05-02

### Removed

- Remove unneeded `localforage` package.

### Add

- Add `babel-plugin-transform-imports` for improving tree-shaking.

## [@ackee/react-scripts@0.10.0] - 2019-04-13

### Removed

- `components/FormFields` (in a favor of components from `@ackee/mateus`)
- `routingHistory` (reason: rarely used)
- code-splitting for `application` module ([reason](https://github.com/AckeeCZ/create-react-app/pull/33#discussion_r271175139))

### Fixed

- import of the `loadable` HOC

### Added

- initialize Sentry in `requestIdleCallback`

### Updated

- READMEs to match with the new core structure
- The `core` module - divide global configuration between core sub-modules.
- Move global `localization` to `core/modules/localization`, but leave `translation` at the global level.

For more details see this [MR](https://github.com/AckeeCZ/create-react-app/pull/33).

## [@ackee/react-scripts@0.9.6] - 2019-03-30

### Fixed

- analyze-dependencies: fix path to webpack config (resolves #18)
- issue #24, #25 resolves itself (react-router-dom@5.0.0 has been released)

### Added

add 'how to use' section to readme - resolves #20, #28

### Updated

- upgrade template depenencies (`@ackee/redux-utils`, `react-router-dom`)
- upgrade dev dependencies (`react-hot-loader`, etc.)
- rebase to the latest CRA version (`v2.1.8`)

## [@ackee/react-scripts@0.9.2] - 2019-03-07

### Added

- Allow `testPathIgnorePatterns` Jest option

## [@ackee/react-scripts@0.9.1] - 2019-02-26

### Added

- Enable `exportOnlyLocal` option - see [Sharing variable between CSS & JS](https://frontend-cookbook.ack.ee/pages/SharingVariables.html) to understand why it's useful.

## [@ackee/react-scripts@0.9.0] - 2019-02-05

### Added

- `@ackee/redux-utils` - `createType`
- `less-loader` into webpack config which enables us to import Ant design styles as a `less` files and override its variables.

### Updated

- `react-scripts` dependencies

### Removed

- `redirectSaga` - It's redundant. The `react-route-dom` includes `<Redirect>` component that fulfills this purpose.
- routing saga - Global route handlers were removed and replaced with local [`routeDependencies`](https://github.com/AckeeCZ/chris#routedependenciesconfig-config--component--componentwithroutedependencies) HOC from `@ackee/chris` package.
- `ackee-frontend-toolkit` - single features/modules were moved to special packages (e.g. `@ackee/chris`, `@ackee/jerome`, etc.), so there is now no need to preserve this package. It became redundant.

### Fixed

- path to the webpack config in package.json
- [scripts/use-auth-module]: path to antonio config file in use-auth-module dependencies -> activate those `@use-auth-module-(begin|end)` comments
- [Fela]: syntax error in `applyFonts` method

## [@ackee/react-scripts@0.8.1] - 2019-01-17

### Added

- `webpack-bundle-analyzer` package with `bundle-analyzer` script that builds app in production mode with `--stats` flag enabled and then starts local server with the stats result.

### Updated

- env. configurations are now imported dynamically based on current `NODE_ENV`

## [@ackee/react-scripts@0.8.0] - 2019-01-17

### Added

- new env. variable `REACT_WATCH_NODE_MODULES`. This will force to watching for any changes in node_modules.
- add [`worker-plugin`](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/worker-plugin) to the Webpack config

### Updated

- rebase to the latest version - `create-react-app@2.1.3`
- set `CHOKIDAR_USEPOLLING` to `false` by default to make rebuilds faster (`.env` file)
- set "no-restricted-globals": "off" to disable error when using the self global object in web worker context

## [@ackee/react-scripts@0.7.0] - 2019-01-15

### Added

- Add Fela plugins:
  - `fela-plugin-friendly-pseudo-class`
  - `fela-plugin-named-keys`
  - `fela-plugin-unit`
- Try to eliminate dependecy on `ackee-frontend-toolkit` by adding:
  - [`@ackee/mateus`](https://github.com/AckeeCZ/mateus) package for handling forms
  - [`@ackee/chris`](https://github.com/AckeeCZ/chris) package for handling routing
- Add `redux-sentry-middleware` package for taking snapshot of Redux state for Sentry

### Updated

- Fela - rename `*.rule.js` or `*.rules.js` to `*.styles.js`

### Fixed

- finish migration to Fela@10
- move Fela `createRenderer` out of render method

## [@ackee/react-scripts@0.6.9] - 2018-12-20

- nothing new - test deploy

## [0.6.8] - 2018-12-19

### Added

- this.CHANGELOG

## [0.6.7] - 2018-12-19

### Added

- first version automatically deployed by travis and tagged commit

[unreleased]: https://github.com/AckeeCZ/create-react-app/compare/@ackee/react-scripts@0.7.9...HEAD
[0.6.9]: https://github.com/AckeeCZ/create-react-app/compare/@ackee/react-scripts@0.6.9...v0.6.8
[0.6.8]: https://github.com/AckeeCZ/create-react-app/compare/v0.6.7...v0.6.8
[0.6.7]: https://github.com/AckeeCZ/create-react-app/compare/003d9e7...v0.6.7
